[Music]
this holiday season
one motion picture will bring you all
the surprises that life and love can
offer Maryann and Ellen are as different
as two sisters can be
[Music]
do you love him I do not attempt to deny
that I think very only of him did I
greatly esteem him esteem him like him
then there's not like you or me dear she
does not like to be swayed by her
emotions Columbia Pictures invites you
the more I know of the world the more I
am convinced that I shall never see a
man whom I can truly love to fall deeply
because when there is such a man you
will care very much when your nose
swells up you are right
help me Ilana to feel intensely there's
something of great importance that I
need to tell you why did you not hurt
him to stay he must have had his reasons
for going we did not understand him a
lot why does she never mention Edward Oh
No
where is your heart to surrender
completely your sister seems very happy
do you think he'll kneel down when he
asks us they always kneel down
to risk everything we know so little of
him what is it you're suspecting off
from Jane Austen's timeless classic
comes a motion picture beyond all
expectations Academy Award winner Emma
Thompson Alan Rickman Kate Winslet
and Hugh Grant
Sense and Sensibility
[Music]